In this lecture, we are going to ensure that all our site's content is served over Tepes.
We need to ensure that any images and videos that we upload to the WordPress Media Library have a HTP.
Yes, you are all attached to that particular asset.
This will prevent mixed content errors as well as prevent any issues at a later stage when you set up
a content security policy.
Firstly, when you install your site, did you install it as a domain dot com or did you install your
site as w w w dot domain?
It's most important we are going to search and then replace the euro in the database.
We are going to search for HTP and replace it with HTP is the command WP Search Hive and replace HTP
followed by your domain.
You leave a space https followed by your domain, you searching for http domain and replacing it with
https domain before executing the search replace on the database.
It's best to do a dry run, a dry run as a simulated search and replace in my sights media library.
I have one asset, an image.
If I click on the image, the copy link htp, I'm going to upload an additional file.
If I click on the file, the copy link is HTP.
Now, what the WPC Allah commands will do change the URL on those two files to https.
And from this point on, any uploads will not be uploaded as HTP, but rather HTP.
Tepes, you can open terminal and you can change to your site's public underscore HTML directory.
The command is WPE Search, IFN replace.
Now what do we want to search for?
My install you earlier was the naked domain name, I did not specify the domain name as w w w dot.
And what do we want to replace the search term with?
We want to replace it with https, followed by the domain name.
Then you add double hyphen, dry and run.
We want to simulate the search replace.
24 replacement's to be made compressor up, Iraqi to repeat to command, and you can remove, rerun
and press enter.
Success made 24 replacements.
I'm going to reload my sites dashboard, you will need to log in again.
If I click on my image copy link https.
Second image https upload an image.
Click on the image copy link, each to any media that you upload will have a Eurail of HTP is in this
section.
We implemented a HTP is everywhere policy.